Defluff cloud docs (#1872)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/core/concepts/persistence.md

# Persistence and Caching

Out of the box, Prefect Core does not persist data in a permanent fashion. All data, results, _and_ cached states are stored in memory within the

> Python process running the Flow. However, Prefect Core provides all of the necessary hooks for persisting / retrieving your data in external locations. If you require an out-of-the-box persistence layer, you might consider [Prefect Cloud](../../cloud/faq.html#what-is-the-difference-between-prefect-core-and-prefect-cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python process running the flow. However, Prefect Core provides all of the necessary hooks for persisting / retrieving your data in external locations. If you require an out-of-the-box persistence layer, you might consider [Prefect Cloud](../../cloud/faq.html#what-is-the-difference-between-prefect-core-and-prefect-cloud).
```

## Checkpointing

> Oftentimes it is useful to persist your Task's data in an external location. You could always write this logic directly into the Task itself, but this can sometimes make testing difficult. Prefect offers a notion of Task "checkpointing" which ensures that every time the Task is successfully run, it's [result handler](results.html#result-handlers) is called. To configure your Tasks for checkpointing, provide a result handler and set `checkpoint=True` at Task initialization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oftentimes it is useful to persist your task's data in an external location. You could always write this logic directly into the `Task` itself, but this can sometimes make testing difficult. Prefect offers a notion of task "checkpointing" that ensures that every time a task is successfully run, its [result handler](results.html#result-handlers) is called. To configure your tasks for checkpointing, provide a result handler and set `checkpoint=True` at task initialization:
```

    return 99
```

> The default setting in Prefect Core is that checkpointing is turned _off_. To turn checkpointing on during your Flow runs, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default setting in Prefect Core is that checkpointing is turned _off_. To turn checkpointing on during your flow runs, you can:
```
